Link to new extension type specification (#3270)
dart-lang/language: working/1426-extension-types/feature-specification-inline-classes.md

Author: eernst@google.com

Status: Obsolete

> **This proposal is now obsolete. The mechanism has been renamed to
> _extension types_. Please see the [extension types specification][] for the
> most recent proposed specification.**

Reviewer: Perhaps:
```suggestion
**This proposal is now obsolete. The mechanism has been renamed to
_extension types_. Please see the [extension types specification][] for the
accepted specification proposal.**
```
